---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "librenms_device Resource - librenms"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# librenms_device (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
# Manage example device.
resource "librenms_device" "my_server" {
  hostname = "my-server.mydomain.com"

  snmp_v2c = {
    # in a production environment, use something such as vault to manage and provide the secrets value
    community = "public"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `hostname` (String) The device hostname or IP address. If hostname, it must have a valid DNS entry.

### Optional

- `icmp_only` (Attributes) Configuration for ICMP-only devices. Disables SNMP polling for the device. Mutually exclusive with other `snmp_` attributes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--icmp_only))
- `override_syslocation` (Boolean) If true, the device will override the sysLocation value with the one set in LibreNMS.
- `poller_group` (Number) The ID of the poller group to assign this device to. If not set, the default poller group will be used (typically 0).
- `port` (Number) The SNMP port to use for this device. If not set, the default SNMP port defined in your LibreNMS config will be used.
- `port_association_mode` (Number) The int code of the port association mode to use for this device. Options are `1 (ifIndex)`, `2 (ifName)`, `3 (ifDesc)`, or `4 (ifAlias)`. If not set, the LibreNMS default is ifIndex `1`.
- `snmp_v1` (Attributes) Configuration for SNMP v1. Mutually exclusive with other `snmp_` and `icmp_` attributes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--snmp_v1))
- `snmp_v2c` (Attributes) Configuration for SNMP v2c. Mutually exclusive with other `snmp_`  and `icmp_` attributes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--snmp_v2c))
- `snmp_v3` (Attributes) Configuration for SNMPv3. Mutually exclusive with other `snmp_`  and `icmp_` attributes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--snmp_v3))
- `transport` (String) The transport protocol to use for SNMP communication [`udp`, `tcp`, `udp6`, `tcp6`]. If not set, the default transport protocol defined in your LibreNMS config will be used.

### Read-Only

- `id` (Number) The unique numeric identifier of the LibreNMS device.

<a id="nestedatt--icmp_only"></a>
### Nested Schema for `icmp_only`

Optional:

- `hardware` (String) The hardware type of the ICMP-only device.
- `os` (String) The operating system of the ICMP-only device.
- `sys_name` (String) The system name of the ICMP-only device.


<a id="nestedatt--snmp_v1"></a>
### Nested Schema for `snmp_v1`

Required:

- `community` (String, Sensitive) The SNMP community string for v1


<a id="nestedatt--snmp_v2c"></a>
### Nested Schema for `snmp_v2c`

Required:

- `community` (String, Sensitive) The SNMP community string for v2c.


<a id="nestedatt--snmp_v3"></a>
### Nested Schema for `snmp_v3`

Required:

- `auth_algorithm` (String) The SNMPv3 authentication algorithm [`MD5`, `SHA`, `SHA-224`, `SHA-256`, `SHA-384`, `SHA-512`].
- `auth_level` (String) The SNMPv3 authentication level [`noAuthNoPriv`, `authNoPriv`, `authPriv`].
- `auth_name` (String, Sensitive) The SNMPv3 authentication username.
- `auth_pass` (String, Sensitive) The SNMPv3 authentication password.
- `crypto_algorithm` (String) The SNMPv3 encryption algorithm [`DES`, `AES`, `AES-192`, `AES-256`, `AES-256-C`].
- `crypto_pass` (String, Sensitive) The SNMPv3 encryption password.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Device can be imported by specifying the numeric identifier.
terraform import librenms_device.example 123
```
